[terra-progress-bar] Added valueText Prop for accessibility (#4021)
cerner/terra-core: packages/terra-progress-bar/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> * Fixed
>   * Added valueText prop to provide context and status update of progress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added
  * Added `valueText` prop to provide custom status update of progress.
```

Author: Updated.
19176f6285654364b9774ee21c5e682ecead1a5f
Thanks
